bonus impression spoon the Honda
specialist had brought a tune fd2 Civic
Sedan to the tow game according to
ichishima son of spoon the civics
chassis has great potential to be a very
competitive car spoon is planning to
develop various aftermarket parts for
this new chassis does it really have
that much potential be Emily let's go -
go - Calculon err well whatever is wrong
don't know about hope to get the
Internet Little Miss wood glue I should
so Java you tomorrow minute
how do good they're still not to that
that you get you in friendship my shin
gotta know Katie and I got a personal
lots of money so they're a bit more econ
kilogram especially hey Stewie so if an
opposing
Sakigake gun
till gameshow down the battle stage will
be a one point five kilometer downhill
sector as usual initial d rules will be
followed J's racing s2000 vs. his shield
factory z33 quick-connect horse Epona
and a car driven on their anniversary
bathroom at home today Dos Amigos a judo
Aikido Sabha by Messina yep a go-go
appealing way Pichai a part-time job
isn't in Oita rock you google NACO isn't
it big
yeah cute Oh would you buddy kya it's
just me
yeah cute at all how about you buddy
granite haha nice
sabaton we got little medical data okay
akira and the ax coz 33 starts at the
front
despite the 50 horsepower difference the
j's racing s2000 is following right
behind heavier weight will be a
disadvantage through the downhill sector
carlos ruiz and Aniyah
I almost get home under than a Huckabee
finding weak points that weren't
observed in the preliminary impressions
appear in the final battle lack of
traction is holding back the z33 from
making full use of its horsepower
advantage
J's racing s2000 win the first run kids
need up you can read it to this now with
the J's car in front
now as you loved today
sheíll factory z33 will now start from
the rear while adjusting the dampers
help its handling comfortable is
looks like there's less oversteer from
the 'she oszi staying right behind up to
the hairpin
yama como de nada gana
perhaps the 200-kilo handicap is bigger
than we thought
J's racing wins the battle what they're
funny they're come on the phone with my
seller Megiddo epidermoid boon few days
of us living like a dog video stick out
a norm and with confidence
somebody going on competition I'm not
stare I suppose a traffic between men I
know something out there different how
do you need a know it's important to me
that you're sober and Gauri Khan today
topo canonic I just watch it about the
school neither a table traditionally
voted on a ketone